'What is the annual WASHNORM survey?'
'What was the first WASHNORM conducted in 2018?'
'What was the second edition of the WASHNORM survey conducted between August 2019 and February 2020'
'What was added to the household module on COVID 19?'
'What is the basis for a systematic monitoring of prog ress towards attainment of key'
'What is the basis for developing state-wide WASH investment plans?'
'What is the name of the survey report presented in?'
'What is the detailed methodology of the WASHNORM 2021 survey?'
'What was the data collection conducted in the third and fourth quarter of 2021?'
'How many EAs were covered in the NISH sampling frame?'
'How many households were canvassed in each of the 34 states and FCT?'
'What was the name of the sampling frames developed?'
'How many primary and secondary schools were listed across the country?'
'How many households were covered out of the targeted 7,400?'
'What is the actual number of samples assessed for the 2021 WASHNORM?'
'What is the name of the survey that WASHNORM uses?'
'What was the purpose of a questionnaire developed specifically for the urban water utilities?'
'What was the water facilities mapping module covered?'
'What was the name of the water utilities network mapping tool?'
'How many WASH in Educational Facilities Schools?'
'What was the purpose of the pre-test and pilot test of the survey?'
'What is the purpose of the WASHNORM survey?'
'How many coordinators did the survey collect?'
'What was the main survey of the FMWR?'
'What was the tolerant coliform observed in the ho usehold water at the point of'
'How many state water utilities were studied for mapping their waterworks?'
'What was the overall response rate for the 2021 WASHNORM household survey?'
'What was the purpose of data quality control?'
'What was the purpose of the WASHNORM?'
'What is the average value of WASH in the report?'
'How many people in Nigeria live with disabilities?'
'How many households lived in rural areas?'
'How many households reported suffering from diarrh oea in the past two weeks'
'How much is access to basic water supply services available to the richest households?'
'How many households use pipe-borne water?'
'How many households have access to improved water supply within the premises?'
'How many people are found to have access to basic sanitation services in 2021?'
'How many people use safe managed sanitations services?'
'How many households were reported to have knowledge of at least two critical times for handwashing?'
'How many states have urban water utilities?'
'How many waterworks are there in Nigeria?'
'How many cubic metres of water per day were waterworks assessed?'
'How many households are satisfied with water supplied?'
'How many water points are in Nigeria?'
'How many water points are publicly owned?'
'What is the average per capita share for water supply in Nigeria?'
'How many schools have access to basic sanitation services?'
'How many schools have basic water and hygiene services?'
'How many health facilities have basic sanitation services?'
'How many health facilities have access to basic sanitation and hygiene services?'
'How many diarrhoea cases per month are reported in the past 12 months'
'How many markets and motor parks have access to basic sanitation services?'
'How much did households spend in 2021 for WASH?'
'How much was spent on water supply services in 2021?'
'How much was spent on sanitation services in 2021?'
"What is the main goal of Nigeria's WASH services?"
'What is the d ata presented on the d ata?'
'What is the purpose of water utilities to do to improve the quality of their utilit ies'
'What is the need for the expansion of the scope of sanitation service delivery across all levels in the'
'What is the main reason for the pandemic?'
'What is the main reason for the increase in water prices?'
'What is the primary goal of achieving SDGs 6.1 and 6.2 by 2030?'
'What is the need for deep dive into the data to concludeively concludesively conclude that the'
'What can be useful in a review of current WASH policies, strategies, and interventions?'
'What is the WASH Fund and WASH sector Revitalization Plan?'
