'What does WASHNORM stand for?'
'What is the annual WASHNORM survey?'
'What changes were made to the scope and methodology of WASHNORM 2019 in WASHNORM 2021?'
'What are some key objectives of WASHNORM?'
'On what basis are state-wide WASH investment plans developed?'
'Where in Nigeria was WASHNORM carried out?'
'When was data collection conducted?'
'How many EAs were covered in total, in all 36 states?'
'How many households were targeted in each state excepting Lagos and Kano?'
'How many households were targeted in each of Lagos and Kano?'
'How many households were targeted in total?'
'How was the water quality assessment done?'
'Which institutions were included in the sampling frames?'
'How many primary and secondary schools were listed across the country?'
'What percent of the targeted samples was data collected from?'
'How many households were actually covered in the houshold survey?'
'How many households were actually covered for the water quality assessment?'
'How many facilities were covered for the water quality assessment?'
'How many households were covered for the Household WASH Expenditure?'
'How many facilities were covered for the water source mapping?'
'How many schools were covered in WASH for educational facilities?'
'How many health facilities were covered?'
'How many markets and motor parks were covered?'
'How many water utilities were covered in Urban Water Utilities Mapping?'
'How many households were covered in the Urban Water Utilities Consumer Satisfaction Survey?'
'Which of NORM 2019 and NORM 2021 had a higher number of households covered?'
'Describe the survey instruments WASHNORM used.'
'Who developed the indicators and household survey questions WASHNORM uses?'
'What additional questionnaires were developed?'
'What parameters did the household survey questionnaire cover?'
'What did the water facilities mapping module covered?'
'What did the institutional tools cover?'
'What did the water utilities network mapping tool cover?'
'What did the water utilities consumers' satisfaction survey cover?'
'What are the main modules and tools used in WASHNORM?'
'How is the WASHNORM data aggregated?'
'What was the purpose of the pre-test and pilot test of the survey?'
'How many field personnel collected the survey?'
'How was the data collected?'
'How was SDG 6.1 evaluated?'
'What devices were used to perform water quality assessments?'
'What was the overall response rate for the 2021 WASHNORM household survey?'
'What do the findings of WASHNORM provide?'
'How many percent of households are headed by women?'
'What percentage of the population are children under the age of 5?'
'How many percent of the population are adults above the age of 50?'
'How many people in Nigeria live with disabilities and what is that number in percentage?'
'What percentage of households live in rural areas?'
'How much of the country's population belongs to the poor and poorest wealth quintiles?'
'How many percent of Nigerians do not have access to safely managed drinking water services and what is that in numbers?'
'Which region has the lowest access to safely managed drinking water supply services?'
'Which region has the highest access to safely managed drinking water supply services?'
'What is the disparity between access levels available to urban and rural areas?'
'How much is access to basic water supply services available to the richest households?'
'What percentage of the population use pipe-borne water?'
'What percentage of the population have access to improved water supply within the premises?'
'What is the average time to fetch water for households whose water points are not located within the premises?'
'What percent of the population are found to have access to basic sanitation services in 2021?'
'How many people use safe managed sanitations services?'
'What was the increase in access to hygiene services between 2019 and 2021?
'What percent of the population use improved sanitation facilities with a proper handwashing station that has running water and soap?'
'How many states have urban water utilities and how many are fully functional?'
'How many waterworks are there in Nigeria?'
'How many cubic metres of water per day were the waterworks assessed estimated to be and how much was it actually?'
'What percentage of households are satisfied with water supplied?'
'How many water points are in Nigeria?'
'What is the average per capita share for water supply in Nigeria?'
'How many schools have basic water supply services?'
'How many schools have access to basic sanitation services?'
'How many schools have access to a combination of basic water and sanitation services?'
'How many health facilities have basic water supply services?'
'How many health facilities have basic sanitation services which are separated for females and allow for menstrual hygiene management?'
'How many health facilities have improved toilets that are accessible to those with limited mobility?'
'How many markets and motor parks have access to basic sanitation services?'
'How much did households spend in 2021 for WASH?'
'How much was spent on water supply services in 2021?'
'Provide a breakdown of how the funds spent on water supply services were spent.'
'How much was spent on sanitation services in 2021?'
'Provide a breakdown of how the funds spent on sanitation services were spent.'
'How much was spent by households on hygiene services in 2021?'
'How many people practice open defecation?'
'How many percent of the population have access to basic water, sanitation, and hygiene services?'
'How many percent of the population use basic drinking water services?'
'How much is the average per capita volume of water for the rural population?'
'How many percent of the population use basic sanitation services?'
'How many percent of households have access to basic hygiene services?'
'What percentage of schools have basic water, sanitation and hygiene services?'
'What percentage of health facilities have basic water, sanitation and hygiene services?'
'What percentage of markets and motor parks have basic water, sanitation and hygiene services?'
'What percentage of those who suffered diarrhoea are children under the age of 5?' 